# Reproduction of Results for “Fingerprints of Brain Disease: Connectome Identifiability in Alzheimer’s Disease“

This repository contains the code and data needed to reproduce the figures and analyses presented in the manuscript [add DOI here].

## Repository Structure

- **/inputs/**: Contains behavioral data, functional connectomes, and motion parameters. Due to ethical reasons, raw (f)MRI data cannot be publicly shared. However:
  - **ADNI dataset**: Raw data supporting this study can be accessed via the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) platform (https://adni.loni.usc.edu/).
  - **Geneva site data**: Raw data generated at the Geneva site are available upon request from Prof. Giovanni B. Frisoni (giovanni.frisoni@hcuge.ch)

- **/scripts/**: Contains scripts to reproduce the results, including tables, figures, and analyses. Each script is named `batch_#_title`, indicating the execution order (e.g., `batch_1_title`, `batch_2_title`, ... , `batch_10_title`). Refer to the script titles for overview of the outputted content. 

- **/functions/**: Includes all custom functions and toolboxes used by the scripts.

- **/outputs/**: Results generated by the scripts will be saved in this directory.

## Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following software installed before running the scripts:
- **MATLAB**: Version R2022A or above.
- **Python**: Version 3.7.0 or above.
- **RStudio**: Version 2022.07.2 or above.
- **SPM12**

## How to Run the Scripts

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone [repository URL] 
   ```
2. For brain renders visualisation download BrainNetViewer [https://www.nitrc.org/projects/bnv/] and matlab_nifti [https://github.com/fieldtrip/fieldtrip/tree/master/external/freesurfer] and place it inside `functions/`.
3. For Neurosynth decoder download data from this Github repository [https://github.com/gpreti/GSP_StructuralDecouplingIndex/tree/master/Code_NCOMMS/Python/database_feb_2015] and place it inside `functions/`.

## Contact information
For questions or issues, you can contact the author: Sara Stampacchia at sara.stampacchia@gmail.com.






